hello and welcome to movies in five
minutes or less
this is a recap of the 2017 action movie
the hitman's bodyguard
starring ryan reynolds and samuel l
jackson
warning spoilers ahead
michael bryce is a successful uk-based
private bodyguard who lives a luxurious
lifestyle until his client takashi
kurosawa is assassinated on his watch
two years later bryce who has fallen
from grace
manages to stay alive in london by
protecting drug addicted corporate
executives
meanwhile the vicious dictator of
belarus vladislav dukovic is facing
charges of crimes against humanity at
the international criminal court
the prosecution's last hope after
failing to obtain solid evidence or
testimony against dukovic is
incarcerated hitman darius kincaid who
agrees to testify against dukovic in
exchange for the release of his wife
sonia from prison
an armed convoy transports concave from
the united kingdom to the international
criminal court in the hague led by
interpol agent resell
dukovic as men ambush the convoy as it
passes through coventry killing the
majority of the security team with the
help of treacherous interpol assistant
director gene fouche
after kincaid eliminates the attackers
agent roussell the sole survivor takes
kincaid to an interpol safe house in the
city
she enlists the help of her ex bryce to
escort and protect kincaid on the way to
the hague realizing that the agency
cannot be trusted with the mission due
to a possible leak
they hitchhike to a ferry that will take
them to amsterdam where sonya is
imprisoned
kincaid tells bryce that he accidentally
killed kurosawa while working on another
job
dukovic's men attack can kate as bryce
evaluates his past mistakes at a beer
stand
bryce regains his composure and assists
kincaid in fleeing but he is apprehended
kincaid arrives and saves bryce's
dukovich's men torture him
they arrive in the hague after resolving
their differences
kincaid claims that dukovic hired him to
assassinate a political rival but he
witnessed a mass execution and uploaded
photos of the massacre to a secret ftp
site that he provides to the court
dukovic confesses his guilt before
reverting to his backup plan of bombing
the court to flee
russell deduces that fouche was the
traitor because he leaves the court
before the bombing
dukovic seizes a gun to kill kincaid
after the bomb goes off but bryce dives
in front of the bullet and takes the hit
he tells kincaid to stop dukovic because
he is injured
after a struggle between fouche and
ruselle bryce shoots fouche to save
roussel
dukovic is pursued by kincaid to the
roof where he tries to flee by
helicopter
for shooting bryce kincaid destroys the
helicopter and kicks dukovic off the
roof to his death kincaid is re-arrested
for his crimes but he escapes belmarsh
prison several months later to celebrate
his anniversary with sonia in the
honduran bar where they first met
they kiss as a wild bar brawler ups
around them
thanks for watching movies in 5 minutes
or less
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
till next time